Am I okay?
Yeah, you're okay. You're
going to be You're going to be okay on
the other side of this.
I'm not going to
be okay.
Hey, what's going on everybody for First
We Feast. I'm Sean Evans and you're
watching Hot Ones. It's the show with
hot questions and even hotter wings. And
today we're joined by Dakota Johnson.
She's an actress and producer you know
from films like Sesperia, Cha Cha, Real
Smooth, The Lost Daughter, and many,
many more. You can also catch her
starring in the latest A24 release,
Materialist, a romantic comedy alongside
Chris Evans and Pedro Pascal, releasing
in theaters on June 9th. Dakota Johnson,
welcome to the show.
Thanks.
How are you
welcome to the show.
Thanks.
How are you
welcome to the show.
Thanks.
How are you
around spicy food before we get started?
I'm not I'm not I'm not
I'm not going to be able to survive.
[Music]
I don't even really like chicken.
I'm scared. This one's fine, right?
Yeah, no big deal.
I won't cry yet.
I
Yeah, no big deal.
I won't cry yet.
I
Yeah, no big deal.
I won't cry yet.
I
don't think so.
Okay,
I like that one. Tasty.
[Music]
Did you learn anything interesting about
the world of high-end matchmaking making
this film? You know, it must have been
really helpful, valuable to have the
perspective of a director like Selene
Song who had actual real life experience
in the business.
Wow, you're very good
at this.
Um,
yes. Well, a lot of her stories were
pretty wild and people really do speak
probably more honestly to someone who's
their matchmaker than even probably
their therapist. The way that Seline
approached it was that it is like a
business deal and Lucy's like trading
and love. It's really interesting. Very
opposite to how I think about things.
They're already on the wings.
Yeah, we
cut out the middleman for you, Dakota.
Thanks.
Red carpet treatment.
I wouldn't
Thanks.
Red carpet treatment.
I wouldn't
Thanks.
Red carpet treatment.
I wouldn't
be able to do it. I wouldn't be able to
dress my own wing.
Mm-
Okay.
Just winging it.
Natural.
That's spicy.
I'm not going to do well.
Okay. And I'm not going to lie to you
either. That's the trajectory that we're
on going forward. Okay.
Today Today is going to be my last day.
Growing up on backlots and soundstages,
what stands out as like your earliest
core memories of being drawn in by the
process of making films?
I always felt like
um I wanted to be a part like when they
when they'd call rolling and everyone
got really quiet and I wouldn't see
where my mom was or where my dad was and
I was like watching the monitors. I
really wanted to be in the place where
they were because it just felt like this
magical place. I also learned how to
drive a golf cart when I was like six.
That's a big deal. And that was fun to
do on the on the lot on the stages.
Oh, you're giving me a look. Third wing
regret.
Yeah, I'm a [__] This is
crazy.
This is a pickled garlic
Sriracha.
Disgusting.
Oh my god. Pickled garlic. The [__]
Mm-m.
Why are some of them skinny and some of
them are chunky?
You know, it's like that in life, you
know.
That's life.
Summer skinny
and summer. That's how it goes.
Wow.
How did the 1940s German expressionist
dance that you trained for in Sesperia,
how did that compare to like the ballet
you'd grown up with?
Um it didn't
didn't compare. It also was our the
choreographer on that movie um Damian
Jalet. He counts in threes. So it's one
and two and three and not an eight count
which is normal. And it also was like
very
liberating because ballet is so much
about defying gravity.
And the dance that we learned
was about like really giving into it and
looking quite, you know, angular and
like uh primal.
We're moving on again.
If you're ready.
Only if you're ready.
Okay, let's just do it.
Let's just do
it. So, up here is a mango srano hops.
I
like mango.
That's got to count for something.
Mhm.
Seems like you're struggling a bit.
Yeah, I am. I'm sharing with I'm sharing
in the experience with you and I'm no
superhero, you know. I feel it all the
same.
I am also not a superhero. Tried,
failed.
just like this show.
So, I once heard
I definitely don't
taste the mango.
Yeah, it's uh the
Serrano hops really kind of dominate. I
agree with you.
Am I shaking?
No, you're
agree with you.
Am I shaking?
No, you're
agree with you.
Am I shaking?
No, you're
good. You're good. Composed, graceful,
more ballet,
and expressionist dancing.
So, I've heard you say that one of the
things that compelled you to create your
own production company, Tea Time, was
this impulse to have more control over
the final product. How does that shift
your perspective as a creative? Like, I
imagine that there are a lot of
stressors that you'd have as a producer
that are maybe not even on your radar as
an actor.
I know.
My tongue burns.
Um, I really prefer it. It's hard to be
on some jobs where I don't have input,
creative input. How often do you do
this?
Um, you know, sometimes up to
three times a week. You know, we kind of
[__] off.
I'm not joking. I'm telling
you the truth.
Is your stomach okay?
The
you the truth.
Is your stomach okay?
The
you the truth.
Is your stomach okay?
The
numbers keep coming back better. I'm
here to report a clean bill of health.
Really?
Yeah. I don't know if that eases
whatever tension you're feeling coming
into the studio today, but
But your like
gastrointestinal health is solid.
I'm really upset. I don't want to eat
these.
And you know what? You don't have
to. I appreciate that. I appreciate
that.
All right. If you're ready to move
on, this next one is called spicier
sauerkraut and mustard.
Okay.
Lumpy.
Some of us are, you know.
I once did a cameo opposite Maya Rudolph
and found that the hardest thing was not
hitting my marks or saying my lines, but
it was to keep from breaking character
from laughing. As someone who's done
their fair share of comedies, have you
ever had the experience of struggling to
get through a scene simply because your
co-star kept cracking you up?
Yes, even
in not funny movies, I struggle to get
through scenes.
Um, I find actually that even on the
more serious movies is when
jokes are a foot.
Oh, that's interest.
That's interesting. Like maybe if you're
doing like an intense psychological
drama, maybe it's like more important
that you're laughing in between. Is that
true?
Yeah, definitely. Also, I mean,
for for me at least, I think there's
actors probably that need to maintain a
certain mindset for the whole time, but
I don't do that. I'm like a very
unserious person.
Do you ever sit at home and be like,
"Oo, I'd love to have some wings."
It's
kind of like a telltale heart that's
always in my life. You know, when I go
to a restaurant, I don't have to order
wings for them to like come out from the
kitchen, you know,
that sort of a thing.
And then do you feel like you have to
eat them?
Yeah, I think I'm like a nice
like a nice Midwest guy, so I do feel
like I have to at least try them, you
know?
[__]
I know that sucks.
It's the
know?
[__]
I know that sucks.
It's the
know?
[__]
I know that sucks.
It's the
It's the crosseye bear.
Okay.
All right. So, up next, Tropical
Amaro.
Tropical Amaro.
There used to be a Hot Wings restaurant
around the corner from my apartment when
I was younger.
Did you visit?
Yeah, I
I was younger.
Did you visit?
Yeah, I
I was younger.
Did you visit?
Yeah, I
went there.
Fond memories.
I feel like I'm doing pretty good.
You
are doing good.
Am I?
But I knew that
are doing good.
Am I?
But I knew that
are doing good.
Am I?
But I knew that
you would with just the mindset that you
walked in.
My mouth is on fire and it's numb.
But I
wouldn't be able to tell. Calm and
composed from the outside.
Um, I did go to the Hot Wings Cafe.
That's what it was called. Hot Wings
Cafe.
I like that they spell it out for you.
Did you ever like were you a mild kind
of order?
Uh, yeah. And also like loads
of ranch dressing. You should give
people ranch dressing.
You know what? We
pay very close attention to the riders
that come in. You know, like we have the
gluten-free beer today. Like if somebody
just threw in ranch. Let's try that.
Cheers.
[Music]
So, up next is apricot.
There you hit it.
It's the emphasis on
that.
Apricot.
Do you say apricot or apricot?
I say apricot, I think. Is that weird?
No, but who's right? You know
who's
right?
Who's right?
Maybe let's switch.
right?
Who's right?
Maybe let's switch.
right?
Who's right?
Maybe let's switch.
I'll start saying apricot and you go
with apricot.
Okay,
that was a big bite. Sean,
are you okay?
Are you hungry?
They rip how they rip. You know,
do you have a diagnosis as to why
Hollywood is so riskaverse? You know,
it's a topic that's discussed ad
nauseium in industry media, but I'm
curious what you've observed up close
and personal.
I think it's hard when
creative decisions are made by
committee,
and it's hard when creative
decisions are made by people who don't
even really watch movies or like know
anything about them.
And that tends to be what's occurring a
lot. And I think also
when something does well
um they like studios want to keep that
going. So they remake the same things
and then but humans don't want that.
They want fresh. They want to feel new
things, experience new things, see new
things.
So I don't know. I guess it's all just a
bit of a mess right now, isn't it?
[Music]
Chipotle puree orange juice. What's
going on?
Oh, [__] [__]
No.
Mm-m.
[Music]
No,
I know. No. Sean,
no.
I know.
No,
Uh-uh.
no.
I know.
No,
Uh-uh.
no.
I know.
No,
Uh-uh.
The [__] is that?
I don't taste orange juice.
I don't like it.
No, I know. And I
understand. That's the problem is it's
probably one of the spiciest things
you've ever eaten.
And then on top of
that, the taste of it,
there's no redeeming culinary qualities.
Yeah. I can't. Oh my god.
And then be
careful around your eyes. Just don't
touch your eyes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
No, I get it.
Am I okay?
Yeah, you're
No, I get it.
Am I okay?
Yeah, you're
No, I get it.
Am I okay?
Yeah, you're
okay. You're You're going to be okay on
the other side of this.
I'm not going to
be okay.
You're going to be okay.
I
be okay.
You're going to be okay.
I
be okay.
You're going to be okay.
I
don't want anything.
I need something.
Yeah.
Am I drooling?
No. You look great.
You're doing great.
Don't lie to me.
I'm
You're doing great.
Don't lie to me.
I'm
You're doing great.
Don't lie to me.
I'm
not lying to you. You're doing great.
I don't like her.
No, I understand.
You don't.
You don't understand.
Do you want some ice cream? Ice cream's
helpful.
Mhm.
Yeah, ice cream coming in.
I don't want
Okay, then. Be careful.
Careful with the eyes.
[__]
I have to go to the hospital. No.
Is this real ice cream?
Yeah.
We're not.
The stunts are over. All right. The gags
are over. The pranks are over. I
promise. What are the furthest ls you've
gone to in order to get your hands on a
piece of vintage furniture? You know,
you do hunt like the throwback fixtures.
I bought something in Italy once and it
took like 6 months to get to America.
What was that piece?
It was like a dumb [__] credenza.
Worth the wait? Do you still have it?
I
have it. Yeah. Not worth the wait.
[Music]
I'm going to vomit.
I don't like this at all. Sean, I'm
sorry.
I get it. I get it.
I won't be back.
And I don't take that personal. I don't
take that personal. Does anybody do it
multiple times? No.
Some people have
come back.
[__] off. Really? Who? Who?
Gordon Ramsay came back. Will Frell came
back?
I was once on a talk show with Gordon
Ramsay.
I was on James Cordon. We were sitting
on the couch together and I realized
afterwards that if they got married, his
name would be Gordon Cordon.
And I was so annoyed that I didn't think
of that on the show.
Well, I'm happy that we could offer the
platform for you to get it off now. You
know,
thank you.
This wasn't worth it.
know,
thank you.
This wasn't worth it.
know,
thank you.
This wasn't worth it.
I told James that joke and he was like,
"You're an idiot."
[Laughter]
[Music]
It's the tiniest bite. Look,
it counts.
[Music]
Right. But think about that. You just
shook that off. The last one.
This doesn't It's not I don't like the
taste.
If you eat an one of the ones
on the other side, does it like mitigate
the spice or it adds more spice?
You
know, that's interesting. I've done the
show for a long time and I think you're
the first person to pose that, you know,
so now I'm thinking it through in real
time. Yeah. Like what if you eat
something spicy? If you eat something
less spicy as that kind of like a ginger
palette cleanser in the world of a spicy
wing gauntlet.
Yeah.
I'll lab rat this
wing gauntlet.
Yeah.
I'll lab rat this
wing gauntlet.
Yeah.
I'll lab rat this
for you.
Okay.
That was a big bite.
That's all I know.
Which one did you pick? The first one?
I
picked the very first one.
Does it feel better?
You know what? That's not nothing.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow. I'm a genius.
Is there a practical skill that you've
learned through preparing for a role
that's been most transferable or
valuable in your everyday life?
Stunt
driving is fun. Definitely.
And hard to kind of let go of that.
Yeah. Like if you're preparing for like
a roll in Need for Speed, like does that
make you like a better parallel parker
on the other side of it? Oh my god.
I can do like a highspeed
180. I'm really good at parallel
parking, too. I'm like a one and done.
Wo.
Yeah.
And look at you running this
Wo.
Yeah.
And look at you running this
Wo.
Yeah.
And look at you running this
gauntlet over here.
Are you going to put
more sauce on your wink? Do I have to do
that? Is that part of the game?
[Music]
I don't want to be a little [__]
I don't want I don't want to.
You don't
have to.
I'm going to.
It's a
have to.
I'm going to.
It's a
have to.
I'm going to.
It's a
catchphrase.
Okay.
Little tiny dab.
There we go.
Okay.
[Music]
And with that, Dakota Johnson, you've
conquered the wings of death. And just
one more question before we get you out
of here. I've heard you talk about being
nostalgic for an era of movies that
inspired hope. Maybe this is an ironic
time to ask, but what do you see as the
enduring appeal of a happy ending in a
film?
Because I think people want that for
themselves ultimately.
It's happiness and happy ending.
And you
know what?
Not the sexual kind.
But look at you today putting a bow on
this episode here. I would describe this
as a happy ending before we roll the
credits. And now there's nothing left to
do but roll out the red carpet for you,
Dakota Johnson. This camera, this
camera, this camera. Let the people know
what you have going on in your life.
What do you mean?
Like if you have a
movie coming out or something. Oh,
[Laughter]
but we
materialists coming out June 13th.
I don't like it.
Thank you for having me.
Thanks. Thanks for ruining my life.
You
did so good. You did so good. You did so
good.
Fans will really like this. And
you'll be happy you did it on the other
side. All right.
I will have to agree.
I
side. All right.
I will have to agree.
I
side. All right.
I will have to agree.
I
am so happy I did it.
Woo!
You love Truth or Dab and the even
spicier refresh edition. And now we're
turning up the temperature and raising
the stakes with our brand new Hot Ones
roulette. It's an explosively hilarious
push your luck party game filled with
suspense, consequence, and of course,
hot sauce. The game is simple. Roll the
dice of doom, flip a card, and try to
avoid the dab at all costs. Hotwinds
roulette is available at wildertoys.com.
That's wildertoys.com to get your hands
on Hot Ones Roulette. Godspeed and be
careful around the eyes.